Hahaha, Mr. Xiao is in a hurry.
Destroying the Chen family is the prestige of the Stegosaurus Hall
And my Wang family is not affiliated with the Dragon Palace
Centennial heritage
Thousands of ethnic groups have taken root in Qinzhou
I want to destroy my Wang family in just 3 minutes
Really ridiculous
The funny thing is that you don't have to say that you are a Wang family.
It's a thousand royal families
Three minutes is enough
My Qinzhou Qian family
I would like to learn Mr. Xiao's means
I would like to establish a central family in Qinzhou with the Wang family
Wish to perish with the Wang family, don't worry
All of them, none of them.
Xiao Chen, forget it
There's no need to get to this point
Miss Su is really a bodhisattva
only
When my lord was ordered to kill by Quanqin Prefecture
Why are you silent
Qinzhou's aristocratic family is rotten
If I don't uproot
How do these people climb up?
How can this atmosphere of bullying be completely clear?
In your eyes, I'm venting my anger
I'm being unreasonable
But in the eyes of the people of Yangyang Daxia
I'm setting things right.
In Chong General Rules
It's up to you to sweep and steam three rooms in one night
It's useless to talk too much about the three-room family
I would like to learn Mr. Xiao's methods. Let's do it
Mr. Xiao, let's do it
Mr. Qingxiao was poisoned?
Steaming family working together is really touching
It's just that there is no need to kill you.